posix: syslog: add support for syslog (#68515)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/posix/syslog/README.rst

.. _posix-syslog-sample:

POSIX syslog()
##############

Overview
********

> In this sample application, the POSIX `syslog()`_ function is used to log a messages to each of
> the startdard priority levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this sample application, the POSIX `syslog()`_ function is used to log a message to each of
the standard priority levels.
```
